add tracking file changelog (#20051)
piwik/piwik: CHANGELOG.md

* The javascript event `piwikPageChange`, which is triggered when a reporting page is loaded, has been renamed to `matomoPageChange`. Ensure to update your implementation if you rely on it.
* Plugin names are now limited to 60 characters. If you used to have a plugin with a longer name, you might need to rename it.
* The `instance_id` configuration does no longer support characters other than `a-z`, `0-9` and the special characters `.-_`. If the configured value contains other characters, they will be simply removed.

> * By default `file://` protocols is not tracked, to enable tracking `file://` protocol add `enableTrackFile` to the tracker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default the `file://` protocol is not tracked, to enable tracking of the `file://` protocol add `enableTrackFile` to the tracker settings. 
```
